This year, the band's debut album Thursday - Waiting turned 25 years old.

▼ For all members except guitarist Bill Henderson, Thursday was their first band. Before Thursday, Bill played in the mainstream hardcore band Purpose. He left after the release of Waiting and was replaced by Steve Pedulla. Apart from this, Thursday's line-up remained unchanged until its disbandment in 2011.

Over the last couple of years, bassist Tim Payne and guitarist Tom Keeley have almost always been replaced live by Stuart Richardson (ex-Lostprophets, No Devotion) and Norman Brannon (Texas is the Reason). Both new songs of the group, released this year, were recorded with them. Despite this, Tim and Tom are still officially on Thursday's roster.

Bill Henderson went on to play in a variety of New Jersey hardcore bands and at one point founded Azimuth. Among other things, he mixed the album of the Russian group L’ÉTRANGER.

▼ All photographs used in the album design were taken by Tom Keeley's uncle, Dennis Keeley. Dennis is a professional photographer who, among other things, has photographed such musicians as Snupp Dogg, Tom Waits, Steve Reich, Tina Turner and many others.

▼ The song Porcelain is dedicated to vocalist Jeff Rickley's friend Kevin. He suffered from schizophrenia and committed suicide shortly after moving to San Francisco. At that time, the city did not have a suicide prevention hotline.

▼ Dying in New Brunswick - dedicated to Jeff's ex-girlfriend. She moved to New Brunswick and was raped there. Jeff admitted that he hated this city and could not be there.

▼ Jeff Rickly put the album Waiting in last place in his own top Thursday releases. In his words, “On this album we just had no idea what we were doing.”

▼ For the 15th anniversary, Jeff's Collect Records label released the anniversary edition of the album with remastered audio, as well as demo versions of several songs and the track Mass as Shadows, which was not included on the album. All of them were released a year earlier in 1998 on self-titled demo cassette. In addition, a lyric video for the song Where the Circle Ends was released.

▼ In honor of the 25th anniversary, Thursday played several concerts where they performed the entire album. Many of the songs were performed live for the first time since the release of Full Collapse in 2001.

Videos of the show in the band's native New Jersey can be viewed here and here.
